right this calculator here and so far
alone some 19 CC quad and the quad won't
start
it's getting a good spark but it's not
not getting any few so I'm going to have
to struck the scarab later here and see
what the photons I'll just drink
whatever fuels I don't hear this f3
there that's lack the fuel weight of the
ball seems to go right there and I'm so
amazed the pastry's bottom of the ball
I thought maybe the flute was just
sucking on it and I tried tap no say to
the Carib leader but I've doesn't like
any deference so I don't know what I'm
gonna be paying down here look at the
door that there is going to need a real
good thing here that recruited up here
must own water they don't yet understand
this again I need quad most wonder if
you put a lot of water a lot
I'll prove it so I'm gonna have to get
get this all cleaned right here probably
have to make three values on it here the
roast even on the float with the rotor
that yet they're clogged its coordinator
interplay notice here
all right and start over
soup this here cleaner
now let that soak therefore prevents
evil this is all that I lost
I'm gonna have to remove these jets here
and give them a good clean night and
just let them soak overnight make a
second car you alumnus here I wasn't
expecting to find out there to be honest
because it's uh there's a new quad
really wasn't expecting that
no I need cherub little bit there yeah
I'm looking at everybody whenever I get
a struck down and all the parts kind